---
title: "Contact"
layout: heroes_lay
permalink: /contact/
---

<div class="contact-page">

## Touching Base

We are always looking for new students to come and study with us, new friends to visit us, and new partners to discuss research with! 

If you would like to get in touch with us for general matters, you can
[contact](mailto:l.cavallaro@ucl.ac.uk?Subject=[S2Lab] Touching Base)
the lab founder, [Professor Lorenzo
Cavallaro](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=oWT7fIYAAAAJ&hl=en),
making sure you append the suffix " Asimov" (no quotes, note the heading
space) to the email
subject line of the contact link (The email might get lost in the inbox
easily without a proper totem.) Please make sure you also fill out [this
form](https://bit.ly/JoinS2Lab); read more at the end of this page.

For research-related applications, visits, and collaboration
opportunities, please ensure you also read the information below.  

### Prospective (Research) Students 

We're looking for passionate, committed students with a BSc/MSc in
Computer Science (or equivalent) and a strong interest in systems
security. Candidates should be proficient in coding, preferably in one
or more of Python/Java/C/C++, and be motivated to improve the
state-of-the-art through top quality publications. You will be working
at the intersection of program analysis and machine learning (for
systems security); while we do not expect you necessarily master both
disciplines, we would expect you have a good understanding of either
with a clear appetite to dive into the other.  We expect applicants to be
familiar with and have a keen interesting in our <a target="_blank"
href="{{"research" | relative_url}}">core research streams and recent
output</a>. 

Candidates should be prepared for the ups and downs of obtaining a PhD
which will at times be extremely challenging.  Top conferences have an
acceptance rate of 10-15%, which means you will be rejected often.
Systems security research typically requires a non-negligible
engineering effort which means many bugs and failures are inevitable.
The security field and, even more so, the machine learning community are
particularly fast-moving and it will require much vigilance to stay
up-to-date with all the latest advances.  However, if you believe that
you're up to meeting such challenges, contributing to the scientific
community can be extremely rewarding, and you will always be supported
by the rest of the lab as we are equally committed to impactful research
excellence and building new knowledge! 

If you're interested in pursuing a PhD in Computer Science as part of
our team, please send us an email with your CV and interests and if
there's a good match, we can find the best avenue for you to apply and
write a letter to support your application. There are several
opportunities, mostly outlined on the [Department of Computer
Science](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/computer-science/study) page. In
particular, prospective PhD students may wish to visit the [Postgraduate
Research](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/computer-science/study/postgraduate-research)
section, which mentions different opportunities to join UCL Computer
Science to pursue a PhD. For instance, in addition to the [usual PhD
application
route](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/computer-science/study/postgraduate-research/computer-science-mphilphd),
UCL also hosts a [Centre for Doctoral Training in
Cybersecurity](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/cybersecurity-cdt/) and a [Centre
for Doctoral Training in Foundational Artificial
Intelligence](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/ai-centre/study/foundational-artificial-intelligence-mphilphd).
Prospective Undergraduate, Postgraduate, and PhD students may also find
interesting the
[Scholarship](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/computer-science/study/scholarships)
page, which provides further information on available opportunities,
such as the [UCL Engineering Dean's
Prize](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/scholarships/engineering-deans-prize), the
[China Scholarship Council-UCL Joint PhD Research
Scholarship](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/scholarships/china-scholarship-council-ucl-joint-research-scholarship),
the [DeepMind
Scholarship](https://www.windsor-fellowship.org/deepmind-scholarship), a
recent partnership between [UCL and Facebook for AI
Research](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/news/2021/feb/ucl-partners-facebook-ai-research-deliver-phd-programme),
and several other opportunities.

### Research Visitors 

We are always happy to host visitors for a period of time if there's a
common research interest and resources; importantly, we welcome people
from all backgrounds and experience levels whether they're MSc students,
PhD students, post doctoral researchers, or currently working academia
or in industry. 

If you managed to read until here, we would kindly ask you to complement
your application by filling out [this form](https://bit.ly/JoinS2Lab).
Don't rush your answers and take your time to provide as much details
and context as possible. Shoot us an email with your CV, research
interests, and a reminder you have indeed filled out the form: please
append the suffix " Capatonda" (no quotes, note the heading space) to
the email subject line.  (The email might get lost in the inbox easily
without a proper totem.)


Of course, we also welcome visitors to join us for a day, two, or more, to
present a talk, discuss research, and enjoy some of <a
href="https://www.50kalo.it/50_kalo.php">London's best pizza</a> ðŸ˜‰. 

</div>
